JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And I'm Hari
Sreenivasan.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
tonight:
President-elect Trump makes more
moves to
set the stage for his
administration -- what
his controversial pick to head
the EPA signals
for the future of the
environment.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Also ahead
this Thursday:
the populists of Wall Street --
a look at
Trump's economic team and the
future president's
promises.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Plus: the female
front line,
the first part in our series
spotlighting
the first generation of women
training for
the toughest combat positions.
VICTORIA GOLAB-MEYER, Marine
Corps Recruit:
I want to advance my career and
be in a place
that feels like family.
You know that they have your
back.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And we
remember John Glenn,
the first U.S. astronaut to
orbit Earth, who
became a national hero and
senator.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All that and more
on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: The nation marks
the passing
tonight of a major figure of the
20th century.
John Glenn was the first
American to orbit
the planet, and the oldest
person ever to
go into space.
He passed away today at a
hospital in Columbus,
Ohio, at the age of 95.
President Obama joined in an
outpouring of
tributes, saying John Glenn
showed there's
no limit to the heights we can
reach together.
And president-elect Trump called
him a great
American hero.
We will have a full report on
his life later
in the program.
Now to the presidential
transition.
Word of John Glenn's passing in
Columbus,
Ohio, came shortly before Donald
Trump arrived
in the city on an already
planned trip.
It followed more moves to fill
out his Cabinet.
Lisa Desjardins begins our
coverage.
LISA DESJARDINS: President-elect
Trump left
New York and the transition
behind this afternoon,
and flew to meet with and
first-responders
to last week's Ohio State
stabbings.
DONALD TRUMP (R),
President-Elect: We just
saw the victims and the
families.
And these were really brave
people, amazing
people.
The police and first-responders
were incredible.
LISA DESJARDINS: This evening,
it's Iowa,
where he will continue on that
thank you tour
after stops North Carolina and
Ohio in the
past week, all that and more
news on his Cabinet.
Mr. Trump formally announced
Scott Pruitt,
Oklahoma's attorney general and
opponent of
climate change regulations, is
his choice
to head the Environmental
Protection Agency,
and late today that Andy Puzder
will be the
labor secretary nominee.
Puzder is CEO of the company
that owns Hardee's
and the Carl's Jr. burger
chains.
He was an early supporter of and
fund-raiser
for candidate Trump.
He's also been we know he's
critical of the
Affordable Care Act, and he
opposes raising
the federal minimum wage, saying
it would
mean fewer jobs.
ANDREW PUZDER, President & CEO,
CKE Restaurants:
What are we doing if we're
locking young Americans,
16-to-24 year olds, out of the
labor force?
That's a very, very serious
problem at the
moment and increasing the
minimum wage is
just exacerbating it.
LISA DESJARDINS: This means Mr.
Trump now
has named choices for more than
half of his
Cabinet, from chief of staff, to
treasury
secretary, to U.N. ambassador.
The group shows a few initial
trends.
Nearly half have been business
executives,
including four who are
billionaires.
A third are current elected
officials.
And so far, the proposed Cabinet
is twice
as many men as women.
Also today, another chapter in
that deal that
Mr. Trump struck with the
Carrier Corporation
to keep jobs in Indiana.
Local union leader Chuck Jones,
in Indianapolis,
questioned the president-elect's
claim that
he saved 1,100 jobs.
He said it's more like 800.
CHUCK JONES, Union Leader: I
have been in
a lot of negotiations as a union
representative,
so I would have to assume that
he assured
the world -- either knew the
precise numbers
or most certainly should've.
LISA DESJARDINS: But, on
Twitter, Mr. Trump
sharply questioned Jones'
ability to fight
for workers.
Elsewhere, the president-elect
did win a significant
fight today over Green Party
candidate's Jill
Stein's recount push.
Last night, a judge halted the
effort in Michigan,
saying Stein received too few
votes to force
a recount.
And a Hillary Clinton sighting.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON, Former
U.S. Secretary
of State: This is not exactly
the speech at
the Capitol I hoped to be giving
after the
election.
LISA DESJARDINS: The former
Democratic nominee
appeared at the U.S. Capitol for
the unveiling
of a portrait of outgoing Senate
Minority
Leader Harry Reid.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm Lisa
Desjardins.
HARI SREENIVASAN: In the day's
other news:
The 114th Congress scrambled to
finished its
business.
The House OKed a bill to fund
the government
through next April, ahead of a
deadline tomorrow
night.
It includes disaster relief for
Louisiana
and other states and aid for
Flint, Michigan's
contaminated water system.
There's also a waiver for
retired General
James Mattis to serve as defense
secretary,
even though he's been out of the
military
less than seven years.
Before the vote, lawmakers on
both sides complained
about the process and the
result.
REP.
HAL ROGERS (R), Kentucky: I
truly hope that,
in the near future, we can stop
lurching from
C.R. to C.R. and return to
regular order for
the sake of our national
security, our economy
and the well-being of all
Americans.
However, at this point, this is
our best and
only path forward.
REP.
NANCY PELOSI (D-CA), House
Minority Leader:
We cannot go down a path of
missed opportunities
and just roll over and not speak
out and say
this isn't the best that we can
do for the
American people.
And we owe them much better than
this bill.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The bill's
passage in the
Senate is still threatened by a
fight over
health care benefits for retired
coal miners.
But the Senate overwhelmingly
gave final approval
to a defense policy bill today.
It again bars closing the prison
at Guantanamo
Bay, Cuba, and grants a pay
raise for the
military.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Senate Minority
Leader Harry
Reid delivered his final speech
to the chamber
today.
The Nevada Democrat recalled
growing up in
a tiny town outside Las Vegas,
and ultimately
joining the Senate 30 years ago.
He also looked forward, speaking
about the
future of the body.
SEN.
HARRY REID (D-NV), MINORITY
LEADER: I would
hope that everyone would do
everything they
can to protect the Senate as an
institution.
As part of our Constitution, it
should be
given the dignity it deserves.
I love the Senate.
I don't need to dwell on that.
I care about it so very, very
much.
JUDY WOODRUFF: New York Senator
Chuck Schumer
will take over as minority
leader when the
new Congress opens next month.
HARI SREENIVASAN: In Syria,
heavy fighting
raged in Eastern Aleppo today,
as regime forces
pushed ever deeper into
rebel-held districts.
Gunfire and the pounding of
airstrikes echoed
across the besieged city.
Government troops have now
retaken more than
three-quarters of the rebel
areas.
President Bashar al-Assad
rejected further
truce offers today, but Russia
said U.S. and
Russian officials will meet
Saturday to discuss
the situation.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The city of Paris
spent a third
day under emergency
restrictions, in the face
of its worst winter pollution in
a decade.
A haze hung over the French
capital, and half
of all cars were barred from
traveling in
the city, while public
transportation was
free.
But many drivers ignored the
curbs.
MAN (through translator): I
don't know if
it is unique to Parisians or
it's all the
French, but people are a bit
selfish.
They like to take their own car,
when the
trend would be take small buses,
as you would
in other European capitals.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The haze contains
dangerous
levels of very fine dust that
can cause heart
disease, lung cancer and various
breathing
ailments.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Back in this
country, life
expectancy has declined for the
first time
in decades.
The Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention
reports someone born last year
is projected
to live 78 years,
nine-and-a-half months.
That's a month less than for
someone born
a year earlier, and its first
drop since 1993,
when the AIDS epidemic was
raging.
Researchers cite a rise in
deaths from heart
disease and other leading
ailments.
Japan leads the world in life
expectancy at
nearly 84 years.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The U.S. surgeon
general warned
today of growing e-cigarette use
by the nation's
teenagers.
Vivek Murthy said vaping could
create a new
generation of kids addicted to
nicotine.
E-cigarettes were initially
pushed as a safer
alternative for adult smokers.
It's already illegal to sell
them to minors,
but there is no scientific
consensus yet on
the risks or advantages.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And on Wall
Street, stocks
pushed to new highs, again, as a
post-election
surge continued.
The Dow Jones industrial average
gained 65
points to close at 19614.
The Nasdaq rose 23 points, and
the S&P 500
added four.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
a major shift
at the Environmental Protection
Agency, soon
to be run by a climate skeptic;
inside a military
camp where women are training
for combat roles;
and much more.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now: more on
today's nomination
of Oklahoma Attorney General
Scott Pruitt
to head the EPA.
We start with a little
background on the man.
A leading critic of the EPA now
in line to
take its helm.
As Oklahoma state attorney
general since 2011,
Scott Pruitt has called for
rolling back the
agency's efforts on climate
change and other
rule-making.
In a statement today, he said:
"The American
people are tired of seeing
billions of dollars
drained from our economy due to
unnecessary
EPA regulations."
Not surprisingly, his selection
drew harsh
words from a number of
Democrats.
REP.
JARED HUFFMAN (D), California:
Some of these
folks only qualifications for
the job that
they have been appointed for is
that they
have attempted to dismantle and
undermine
and destroy the very agencies
that they are
now hoping to run.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But Pruitt is in
synch with
president-elect Trump on a range
of issues,
including his skepticism about
manmade global
warming.
Writing in The National Review
this year,
he said: "That debate is far
from settled.
Scientists continue to disagree
about the
degree and extent of global
warming."
In fact, the vast majority of
scientists agree
that human activity contributes
to global
warming, all of which
underscores questions
about whether a Trump
administration will
refuse to abide by the Paris
accords on greenhouse
gas emissions.
Pruitt has also vigorously
fought the EPA's
Clean Power Plan, which set
unprecedented
caps on carbon pollution by
power plants.
And he's repeatedly sued the
agency on the
Clean Power Plan, as well as
limits on methane
emissions and other regulations.
Transition spokesman Sean Spicer
defended
Pruitt's approach on the
"NewsHour" last night.
SEAN SPICER, Communications
Director, Republican
National Committee: It is a very
big difference
to care about whether or not
we're toting
to the agenda of the far extreme
left that
is a job-killing,
regulation-type agenda that
wants to step out of -- put
businesses out
of business, or people who
actually care about
the environment and whose goal
is clean air,
clean water, making sure that we
preserve
our natural resources.
JUDY WOODRUFF: One issue in the
confirmation
hearings may be oil and gas
industry contributions
to Pruitt's campaigns.
A New York Times investigation
in 2014 found
that Pruitt's office sent
letters to the EPA
and President Obama that were
largely written
by energy industry lobbyists.
Pruitt, in turn, defended his
right to ally
with what he called private
sector players
that shared his views.
We get two reactions to the
nomination now
with Scott Segal.
He advises clients on energy,
the environment
and natural resources at
Bracewell, a law
and government relations firm
serving the
oil and gas industry.
And Rhea Suh, she is president
of the Natural
Resources Defense Council, an
environmental
advocacy group.
And we welcome both of you to
the "NewsHour."
Scott Segal, is Mr. Pruitt a
good choice?
SCOTT SEGAL, Bracewell: Well,
you know, he's
done a wonderful job as attorney
general of
Oklahoma.
It's a complicated job that he's
had to perform.
It's a resource-rich state.
It has a lot of its own
environmental statutes,
as well as a good track record
on enforcement
of federal statutes.
He has had to balance not just
his desire
to limit federal authority under
a policy
of federalism, but he also
balances that with
a much larger shop that defends
consumer protection
in the state of Oklahoma, and
even argues
against the major power
companies, making
sure that rate structures are
appropriate.
So he has a very balanced record
as far as
both consumer protection and
working on regulations
is concerned.
I have seen him in action.
He's a smart guy.
He's articulate.
And I think he will do a very
good job at
EPA.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Rhea Suh, you
told us you were
alarmed when you heard he was
chosen.
RHEA SUH, President, Natural
Resources Defense
Council: It's pretty shocking to
have somebody
nominated to lead the
Environmental Protection
Agency -- and, literally, the
name the Environmental
Protection Agency pretty much
defines what
this government entity is
responsible for.
It's responsible for the
oversight and the
enforcement of our collective
environment
and protections around our
collective environment
for all of us.
To have somebody chosen that not
only doesn't
believe in the ability of the
agency to enforce
those things, as is evidenced by
the multiple
lawsuits that he has issued
against the EPA,
but doesn't believe basically in
the sanctity
of that government agency and
protecting its
public trust responsibilities
for all Americans,
is quite disturbing.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, Scott
Segal, does Mr.
Pruitt believe in the mission of
the Environmental
Protection Agency, to protect
the environment?
SCOTT SEGAL: He absolutely does.
In fact, he's the senior law
enforcement officer
for the state of Oklahoma's
environmental
protection statutes, and so he
absolutely
does believe it.
What he does believe, in
addition to that,
is a firm commitment to the rule
of law.
And, frankly, some of the very
regulations
that have been referenced so
far, whether
it's the Clean Power Plan for
power plants
or whether it's the Definition
of Waters of
the United States, have been
such a departure
from past precedent and what the
statutes
actually say at EPA that in both
cases those
rules have been stayed.
And Attorney General Pruitt has
been part
of those stays.
That tells me that he will keep
a watchful
eye on whether EPA does
activities that are
consistent with their statutes.
And if that is the case, then we
all win in
the long run, because we want to
have executive
agencies that actually abide by
the law.
Their regulations will stay many
place longer
and they will be more
predictable and they
will end up protecting the
American people.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All right, Rhea
Suh, if that's
the kind of thing he's going to
do, what worries
you?
RHEA SUH: Well, unfortunately,
there's a whole
host of things that worry us.
Number one, again, this agency
is responsible
for protecting public health, so
these are
decisions that are made every
day, both in
terms of policy, as well as in
terms of enforcement,
that affect the daily lives of
people.
So, whether it's polluting
industries that
are not held to account, or
whether it's climate
change, I think the biggest of
all policy
opportunities that this
administration will
have, instead of taking the
mantle and really
seeing the authority and the
responsibility
associated with the job, we see
this individual
walking in and turning it 180
degrees in the
opposite direction.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, if he's
looking -- we
just heard Mr. Segal refer to
power plants
and refer to water.
If there is a scaling back of
regulations
in these areas, why isn't it
still possible
to at least carry out some or a
large part
of what you see as the mission
of the EPA?
Can there be a middle ground, is
what I'm
asking.
RHEA SUH: Well, thank goodness
that the middle
ground, I believe, is the law
and the statutes
of the land.
There's a variety of different
laws that are
in place designed to protect
clean air, clean
water.
The thing that is quite
worrisome about this
nominee in particular is that he
has gone
after those underlying statutes
and questioned
the very legitimacy of us as a
community,
as a nation to have the right to
things like
clear air and clean water.
So, make no mistake about it.
In terms of radicalism, this is
something
that we have never quite seen
before in the
Environmental Protection Agency.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, it sounds --
Scott Segal,
Ms. Suh and others in the
environmental community
are worried that Mr. Pruitt is
going to do
is basically undo the bulk of
what -- in other
words, the heart and soul of
these regulations
and the difference that they
make.
SCOTT SEGAL: Right.
I just don't think there's any
evidence of
that.
I think they're going to proceed
basically
on sort of two levels.
The first is, those regulations
which have
gone further than the underlying
statutes
would allow, yes, those
regulations are probably
going to be pared back, to the
extent that
Attorney General Pruitt can do
so consistent
with law and public policy
concerns.
So that's going to happen.
Broader than that, though, EPA
must go through
regulatory reform.
It simply must.
It has for a long time
overstated the benefits
of its rules with the knowing
acquiescence
of the major environmental
organizations in
this country, and it has done so
in a way
that has misspent resources that
could better
protect the American public if
they were spent
more wisely.
And I believe a degree of
regulatory reform
is necessary for that agency.
That is exactly what was said on
the campaign
trail.
Regulatory reform is a critical
element.
You won't get it with using the
same old players.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What about that,
Rhea Suh?
RHEA SUH: So, I think this
language of regulatory
reform, of overstepping the
boundaries, when
it comes down to it, these are
the basic values
that uphold our standard of
living, our quality
of living, the right to drink
clean water
and to breathe clean air.
It's not regulatory
muckety-muck.
These are basic values that,
again, most Americans
believe is their right.
And we believe the Environmental
Protection
Agency has the authority and the
responsibility
to uphold that right for all
Americans.
So the fact, again, that we're
seeing a nominee
come into this position that not
only doesn't
believe in that authority, let
alone will
take the responsibility of
upholding that
authority, I think many, many
people are more
than disturbed.
It's actually quite a
frightening prospect.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, so, much of
this is going
to be debated and discussed
during his confirmation
hearings.
And we look forward to that.
Rhea Suh, Scott Segal, we thank
you both.
RHEA SUH: Thank you.
SCOTT SEGAL: Thank you.
HARI SREENIVASAN: For decades,
women have
played important roles in the
U.S. military,
but, until recently, they were
blocked from
front-line combat positions.
But under orders from the
secretary of defense,
women can now try out for all
combat jobs
in all services.
Over the past several months, we
have followed
three female pioneers striving
for these positions
within the U.S. Marine Corps,
considered the
toughest of the services.
Producer Dan Sagalyn and
correspondent William
Brangham have the first of two
reports.
MAN: You should be standing at
the division
of attention.
That means your heels are
touching, feet at
a 45-degree angle.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM:
Eighteen-year-old Rebekah
Wolff's life is about to turn
upside-down.
She and a group of fellow
recruits have just
arrived at Parris Island, South
Carolina.
It's day one of Marine Corps
boot camp.
MAN: Your mouth is shut!
RECRUITS: Aye, sir!
MAN: I said, do you understand
me?.
RECRUITS: Aye, sir!
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: They now start
thirteen
weeks of grueling, disorienting,
physically
stressful training.
Rebekah Wolff is one of the
young female recruits
who wants to join the fight to
go into one
of the jobs that for generations
had been
blocked to women, until now.
Low-altitude air defense is what
she wants
to do.
It's basically shooting
shoulder-fired Stinger
missiles at enemy aircraft.
That's what you want to be
doing, shooting
Stinger missiles?
REBEKAH WOLFF, Marine Corps
Recruit: Yes.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Why that?
REBEKAH WOLFF: Because it'd be
cool.
(LAUGHTER)
REBEKAH WOLFF: Not a lot of
females have had
that opportunity until now,
really, so that's
exciting.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Of course,
that's a long
way off.
For now, she's not only got to
prove herself
at boot camp, but she will have
to pass tougher
physical standards than females
have ever
had to meet before.
On the first night, after
filling out some
paperwork, recruits are required
to make one
phone call home.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: They're
instructed to shout
five scripted lines into the
phone, nothing
more.
WOMAN: Thank you for your
support!
Goodbye for now!
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Drill
instructors intentionally
create this sense of chaos, a
miniature fog
of war.
They want to see how the
recruits respond,
and to shake their civilian
mind-set.
SGT.
JENNIFER DUKE, Marine Corps: We
need to break
them down mentally.
We need to break down these
individualities
that they come with of self and
me and I.
We need to break them down to
basically nothing,
so we can build them back up,
not as one,
but as one team, one element to
join our Marine
Corps.
It's not my Marine Corps.
It's not his Marine Corps.
It's our Marine Corps.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: We first
caught up with
Rebekah Wolff earlier this
summer back home
in rural Maryland.
At the time, she was living with
her parents.
Her mom and dad didn't like it
that she was
joining the Marine Corps, but
they were not
surprised.
From an early age, Rebekah
wanted to break
the traditional girl mold.
WOMAN: When she was young, she
said she was
always going to drive
motorcycles, drink beer,
smoke cigarettes, and get
tattoos.
(LAUGHTER)
WOMAN: I can remember her
telling me that,
oh, my goodness.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: How do you
feel about the
idea that your daughter might
end up in a
combat unit, maybe on the front
lines somewhere?
SCOTT WOLFF, Father of Rebekah
Wolff: I don't
think any parent wants their
kid, boy or girl,
to go to combat.
I surely don't.
I feel that they shouldn't be on
the front
lines.
WOMAN: I don't know that she
fully understands
what she's getting into, though,
too, sometimes.
So, I mean, we have explained.
She's like, well, I will be able
to shoot
helicopters.
Well, they do shoot back.
I don't know that she
comprehends that.
(LAUGHTER)
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Turns out the
Marine Corps
didn't want women in certain
combat jobs either.
In 2013, the secretary of
defense ordered
that all combat positions be
opened to women.
But after a period of
deliberations, the Marines
asked for an exemption.
They argued that putting women
into the infantry
and to other combat jobs would
make the Marine
Corps a less effective fighting
force.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: General Robert
Neller is
the commandant of the Marine
Corps, the highest
uniformed officer.
He says the Corps' resistance
came from a
test the Marines ran back in
2014.
It took all-male units and units
that mixed
men and women, and then compared
their performance
in a series of combat drills.
GEN.
ROBERT NELLER, Marine Corps
Commandant: And
then we ran them through a very
physically
demanding test.
I mean, it was hard.
And there was data in there that
showed, in
the aggregate, that, in certain
things, mostly
in load-bearing and the most
physically demanding
tasks, that the teams that have
females integrated
in them didn't perform at the
same levels
as the all-male team.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: The results
showed that
male-only teams moved faster,
especially with
heavy loads, they fired at the
enemy more
often, hit their targets more
often, and evacuated
casualties faster.
Integrated units, with men and
women, also
suffered more injuries.
Commandant Neller acknowledges
integrated
teams did have some advantages.
GEN.
ROBERT NELLER: We found that
integrated teams
did better in problem-solving.
That's why, as part of a team,
if we have
differences, any of us have
differences, it
can mitigated because the team
figures out,
OK, you're good at this, you do
this.
You're better at this, you focus
on this.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: The test was
criticized
by many, including the
commandant's boss,
the secretary of the Navy,
because it compared
highly experienced,
combat-hardened men with
far less experienced women.
MAN: Hit him in the face!
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: But, still,
there are many
who say you don't need a study
to prove that
men and women, physically, are
different.
COL.
MARY REINWALD (RET.), Marine
Corps: You know,
the Marine Corps, we're not
idealists.
We're realists.
And we know that there are
differences between
men and women.
When I came in the Marine Corps,
I was 5'3'',
I was 110 pounds.
And to be able to do the same
thing as my
counterpart, who was 6'1'', you
know, 180
pounds, lean, mean fighting
machine-type thing,
was just unrealistic, no matter
how good of
shape I was in at the time.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Retired
Colonel Mary Reinwald
spent 27 years in the Marine
Corps.
She now edits "Leatherneck"
magazine, which
is geared to the Marine
community.
She thinks women just don't
belong in certain
combat jobs because they're too
physically
demanding.
COL.
MARY REINWALD: I have no problem
saying I'm
not as physically strong as my
male counterpart.
But I will also say that I bring
other things
to the table that he doesn't.
We can wish all we want.
But that doesn't mean that
everybody's going
to be the same.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: The Marines'
attempt to
keep women from certain combat
jobs was rejected
by the defense secretary last
December, and
so now women can apply for all
combat positions
in the Marine Corps, women like
18-year-old
Lacey Elkins.
She's from Hays, Kansas, and
she's just three
weeks from finishing boot camp.
She's applied to operate tanks
or amphibious
assault vehicles.
LACEY ELKINS, Marine Corps
Recruit: College
sounded boring.
The Marine Corps offered me a
bigger challenge.
My brother is a Marine.
He's in Africa right now.
It just offered me a bigger
challenge that
I was willing to accept and push
me outside
my comfort zone.
And that's what I was looking
for.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: I don't know a
lot of 18-year-olds
who ever say, I want to get
pushed out of
my comfort zone.
You were really looking for a
challenge like
this?
LACEY ELKINS: Yes, sir.
Having the opportunity to be a
part of that
generation for women was
something that I
wanted to do.
My dad, I think I nearly gave
him a heart
attack, because he started
screaming on the
phone.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Screaming in a
good way
or a bad way?
LACEY ELKINS: No, he was like,
no, no, don't
even think about it..
WILLIAM BRANGHAM:
Twenty-one-year-old Victoria
Golab-Meyer comes from Sheridan,
Wyoming,
and she too wants to serve in
combat as a
combat engineer.
We caught up with her as she was
on the Crucible,
the grueling two-day 45-mile
course that's
the last major training event
for every Marine
recruit.
VICTORIA GOLAB-MEYER, Marine
Corps Recruit:
I want to be here.
I want to be fighting for my
country.
I want to learn how to be
honorable.
I want to learn to fight.
I want to advance my career and
be in a place
that feels like family.
You know that they have your
back.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Part of what
sets the Marines
apart is how it trains recruits.
At the rappel tower, at the
shooting range,
in mock combat, even in the
classrooms, the
sexes are divided.
Women train with women, men with
men.
The Marines are the only service
that does
it this way.
SGT.
JENNIFER DUKE: One, it's just a
tradition.
It's what the Marine Corps has
always done.
It takes away distraction.
Most of these kids are high
school age.
You know, they're 18, 19 years
old.
I mean, when you kind of get
down to boys
and girls, it's a distraction.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: But others,
like retired
Lieutenant Colonel Kate Germano,
say this
separation of the sexes is a bad
idea that
hurts females.
LT.
COL.
KATE GERMANO (RET.), Marine
Corps: History
has shown that regardless of
where or when,
separate is never equal.
And that is absolutely evident
on Parris Island.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Germano
commanded the female
battalion at Parris Island, but
she was fired
in 2015, accused of creating a
-- quote -- "hostile
command climate."
Germano says she was just
pushing to improve
the performance of women
recruits.
Germano says that, when she
arrived at Parris
Island, women were performing
far worse than
men on a range of activities,
everything from
scores on the shooting range to
academics,
a disparity she attributes to
segregated training.
LT.
COL.
KATE GERMANO: I didn't think it
was a matter
of the ability of the women and
physiology,
as much as it was a reflection
of being separate
and different.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Why does that
matter?
Why does it matter if you get
trained how
to shoot, how to navigate, how
to do any of
those military jobs, and you and
I do it separately,
you as a woman, me as a man?
Why does differ?
Why does that make a difference?
LT.
COL.
KATE GERMANO: Because what ends
up happening
is there becomes this perception
that women
are trained differently from the
men and that
it's easier for them, because
the male recruits
and the male drill instructors
never really
see those females putting out
their maximum
effort and pushing themselves.
Women are absolutely capable of
performing
in extraordinary ways, if high
expectations
become the norm.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Commandant
Neller says full
integration takes place after
boot camp.
While he says the Marines are
looking into
some further integration now, he
feels separate
training has advantages.
GEN.
ROBERT NELLER: We believe the
way we do recruit
training sets women and men up
for success,
that they're able to,
particularly at the
beginning, move at their own
rate, at their
own speed, build confidence.
And then, as we go further down,
they end
up training together.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Tomorrow
night, we will
see how the three recruits we
met made it
through boot camp.
Will they pass the tough
physical standards
required to make it to the front
lines?
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
William Brangham
in Parris Island, South
Carolina.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Fascinating.
And we will have more online on
the chaos
and disorientation of that first
night of
boot camp.
You can watch a video on that at
PBS.org/NewsHour.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour": a
journalist's
take on getting your news from
Facebook; plus,
remembering pioneering astronaut
John Glenn.
But, first, economics
correspondent Paul Solman
looks at how Donald Trump's long
business
career, especially his
relationship with Wall
Street, may be shaping the way
he to fills
top slots in his administration.
Its part of our weekly series
Making Sense.
DONALD TRUMP (R),
President-Elect: I know
Wall Street.
PAUL SOLMAN: The Trump campaign
refrain from
the get-go: Beware of Wall
Street.
DONALD TRUMP: I'm not going to
let Wall Street
get away with murder.
Wall Street has caused
tremendous problems
for us.
PAUL SOLMAN: And yet, within
weeks of winning,
the president-elect has let
bygones be bygones,
raiding the Street for top
economic posts
in his administration to be,
like Wilbur Ross
for commerce secretary, a
vulture investor
to some, a company savior to
others, and former
Goldman Sachs executive Steve
Mnuchin for
treasury secretary.
We sought out longtime Wall
Street investment
banker turned investigative
journalist William
D. Cohan to put the picks in
context.
WILLIAM COHAN, Author, "House Of
Cards: A
Tale Of Hubris And Wretched
Excess On Wall
Street": Steve Mnuchin and
Wilbur Ross are
deal guys.
They are Wall Street deal guys.
PAUL SOLMAN: What is a deal guy?
WILLIAM COHAN: That means that
you are very
transactional.
In Steve Mnuchin's case, he made
his fortune
by buying a bank that the FDIC
had foreclosed
upon during the financial crisis
of 2008,
renamed it OneWest, and sold it
eventually
to CIT, that was run by another
ex-Goldman
banker named John Thain.
And they all made billions as a
result.
Wilbur Ross did the same thing
buying a business
that was in the ashes of the
financial crisis
and, like a phoenix,
resurrecting it from
the ashes.
PAUL SOLMAN: But isn't a major
reason that
Donald Trump got elected the
idea that he
was the ultimate change agent,
that he would
disrupt things as they are?
So, who better than deal-makers
to do that?
WILLIAM COHAN: Absolutely, the
selection of
Steve Mnuchin and Wilbur Ross
fit into this
vision of people who cut through
bureaucracy.
I mean, you know, one of Trump's
great accomplishments
is, you know, fixing Wollman
Rink in Central
Park.
PAUL SOLMAN: The skating -- the
skating rink.
WILLIAM COHAN: The skating rink.
Right.
DONALD TRUMP: I got together
with everybody,
the city, the council.
Everything had to be done fast.
And we got it done.
And you can do that with this
country.
WILLIAM COHAN: Is America
Wollman Rink?
I don't think so.
PAUL SOLMAN: No, America isn't
Wollman Rink,
but I think almost everybody
watching, and
certainly the people who voted
for him, have
had frustrating experiences with
bureaucrats
and bureaucracy, private as well
as public,
pushing them around.
WILLIAM COHAN: It's really hard
to know what
a Steve Mnuchin or a Wilbur Ross
will do.
I mean, their firms, they're
small, 10, 20,
30 people.
Now they're commanding
battleships.
The Treasury has 80,000 people.
Commerce has 50,000 people.
You know, you have to start
miles away to
turn a battleship around.
There's nothing in their
background, nothing,
that would indicate that they
would have any
skill at running these
bureaucracies.
PAUL SOLMAN: Is there anything
in their background
or in their personalities that
would suggest
they can further Donald Trump's
populist ambition,
that is, serving the people who
elected him?
WILLIAM COHAN: I'm laughing
because Steve
Mnuchin and Wilbur Ross are
about as far from
populism as you can possibly
imagine.
They are the .001 percent of the
1 percent.
And one of the biggest ironies
of the fact
that he's surrounded himself
with all these
Goldman Sachs people is that
Goldman Sachs
-- he was on the Goldman Sachs
do-not-fly
list: This is the kind of client
we do not
want at Goldman Sachs.
PAUL SOLMAN: How do you know
that?
WILLIAM COHAN: Because I wrote a
book about
Goldman Sachs.
And I know that, from talking to
people at
Goldman Sachs, that he is the
poster child
for the kind of client they
don't want to
do business with, mainly because
he would
borrow all this money from Wall
Street to
build his casinos, and then
didn't pay it
back.
PAUL SOLMAN: One big bank that
did lend to
Trump in recent years was
Deutsche Bank, in
2005, to build the Trump
International Hotel
and Tower in Chicago.
Steve Mnuchin's hedge fund also
lent money
to the project.
In 2008, at the height of the
financial crisis,
a big payment came due.
WILLIAM COHAN: We're talking
$330 million
payment that was due.
He just decided he didn't want
to pay it.
He sued Deutsche Bank, as well
as all the
other lenders, including Steve
Mnuchin's Dune
Capital, claiming that he didn't
have to pay
the money back because an act of
God had occurred,
this financial crisis, caused by
the very
people who lent him the money
for this project,
and, therefore, he didn't have
to pay it back.
So, the one firm on Wall Street
that would
do business with him, he turns
around and
sues.
PAUL SOLMAN: Cohan worked on
Wall Street for
17 years, and has been writing
about it ever
since, in bestsellers like "The
Last Tycoons,"
"House of Cards," and that book
on Goldman
Sachs, "Money and Power."
He's interviewed Donald Trump
for magazine
articles.
What was he like to interview?
WILLIAM COHAN: Very charming,
very funny.
He once, you know, told me I had
a great head
of hair, like him, by the way.
One thing that I talked to him
about was how
everybody on Wall Street had
told me that
he cheats at golf.
PAUL SOLMAN: So, you mean you
asked him, do
you cheat at golf?
WILLIAM COHAN: Of course.
I said -- of course I asked him,
do you cheat
at golf?
And he said: "No, William, I
don't cheat at
golf.
I'm a scratch golfer," and, of
course, "I
have all these country clubs
that I own.
Why would I cheat at golf?"
PAUL SOLMAN: And you didn't
believe him?
WILLIAM COHAN: No, I didn't
believe him, because
subsequent to that, a friend of
mine was playing
with him in a foursome that day
and saw him
cheat at golf.
He shanked the ball off to the
right.
And then he would sort of parade
up the middle
of the fairway with his caddy 20
feet behind
him, and then say: "Oh, Mr.
Trump, Mr. Trump,
your ball, I found it.
It's right here in the middle of
the fairway."
When you're surrounded by
yes-men, when you're
surrounded by people telling you
how great
you are all the time, then you
lose perspective.
My point is, it's very different
running your
own private company, where
you're the boss,
you're the king.
There's not even a board of
directors.
It is Donald Trump all the time.
And he's used to telling them
what to do,
and if they don't do it, he gets
very angry
and he makes sure that it gets
done.
PAUL SOLMAN: But from the point
of view of
his constituency, that's not a
bad thing,
is it?
WILLIAM COHAN: I think that's a
very different
skill set than the one that's
required to
get your policies through
Congress at a very
divisive moment in American
history.
PAUL SOLMAN: But make America
great is about,
hey, this country's in trouble.
By doing things the
old-fashioned way, I'm
going to bring in people,
deal-makers, who
know how to change things
dramatically.
WILLIAM COHAN: And that is the
premise that
allowed him to stitch together
an Electoral
College victory.
PAUL SOLMAN: So, then why isn't
it a good
thing that he's got Wilbur Ross,
Steve Mnuchin
and whoever else he gets from
Wall Street
in his administration?
WILLIAM COHAN: They may turn out
to be just
what we're looking for.
And if these Cabinet appointees
that he's
named, who have this kind of
experience about
getting things done, and who
know how the
capital markets work, if they
can, all together,
do that, then I will be the
first one marching
at the front of the line to get
Donald Trump,
you know, reelected and say he
turned out
to be a lot better than anybody
thought.
PAUL SOLMAN: But as somebody
who's known him
and reported on him, you're
skeptical?
WILLIAM COHAN: I'm skeptical.
I'm hoping he doesn't turn out
to be the guy
who cheats at golf.
PAUL SOLMAN: William D. Cohan,
thanks very
much.
WILLIAM COHAN: Thanks for having
me.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now to another in
our Brief
But Spectacular series, where we
ask interesting
people to share their passions.
Tonight, we hear from news media
critic and
New York University journalism
professor Jay
Rosen.
He runs the Web site
PressThink.org, and he
offers his views on the state of
journalism
in the age of Facebook.
JAY ROSEN, Professor of
Journalism, New York
University: Twenty-five years
ago, we would
have been in a studio somewhere
with 13 people
around.
We're recording this with a
single cameraman
and his mom, who's holding the
microphone.
Here, we have got our journalist
in another
city asking questions remotely.
It's becoming easier to make
media, just at
the same time that the network
of news is
expanding to include everyone
with a cell
phone all over the world.
Well, what I think we really
need is a press
that can sometimes say to us,
hey, you may
not think this is interesting,
but it's really
important.
Journalists have to give us that
kind of message
sometimes.
Some people say the problem is
that people
are always listening to voices
that they already
agree with on social media.
One of the things journalists
are really struggling
with about Facebook is that it
has, in a way,
replaced their relationship with
users of
the news.
Instead of going to their
favorite news site,
just find new stories in their
Facebook news
feed.
That has given Facebook a huge
role in the
news system.
We can't really ask Facebook the
kind of questions
we would ask an editor in chief,
because it
doesn't have one.
When you sign up for a Facebook
account, you
have to agree to this long list
that most
people don't read.
That's thin legitimacy.
Thick legitimacy is when you
really understand
the deal.
I think, at some point, they may
realize that
thick legitimacy is what they
need to keep
operating, because people trust
Facebook.
They advertise their life on
this platform.
And, so, trust is actually a
huge part of
the Facebook business.
But they don't think, in my
opinion, hard
enough about how to maintain
that trust.
I think it's really important
for people to
understand that we're not going
to have serious
journalism unless you choose it.
Choosing serious journalism is
related to
an even more serious choice we
have, which
is choosing to continue to be a
democracy.
Democracy is not a spectator
sport.
It's a participant thing.
My name is Jay Rosen, and this
is my Brief
But Spectacular take on
journalism.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And you can watch
additional
Brief But Spectacular episodes
on our Web
site, PBS.org/NewsHour/Brief.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Finally
tonight: remembering
John Glenn, the Mercury
astronaut and former
U.S. senator who died today at
95.
We start with this look back.
MAN: Godspeed, John Glenn.
HARI SREENIVASAN: February 20,
1962.
MAN: Nine, eight.
HARI SREENIVASAN: An Atlas
rocket fired Friendship
7 into space.
And over the next five hours,
John Glenn's
name was indelibly inscribed in
history, the
first American to orbit the
Earth circling
the globe three times.
JOHN GLENN, NASA Astronaut: Zero
g and I feel
fine.
Capsule is turning around.
Oh, that view is tremendous.
MAN: The honorable John Glenn.
(APPLAUSE)
HARI SREENIVASAN: It was still
fresh in his
mind half-a-century later.
JOHN GLENN: For many, many
thousands of years,
people had looked up and
wondered.
They'd been curious about what
was up there.
Now, we must consider ourselves
among the
most fortunate of all
generations, for we
have lived at a time when the
dream became
a reality.
HARI SREENIVASAN: John Glenn's
time began
in Ohio, where he was born and
raised.
He grew up to be a highly
decorated Marine
fighter pilot in World War II
and Korea.
And, as a military test pilot,
he set a transcontinental
speed record in 1957.
Then, space beckoned.
That same year, the Soviet Union
stunned the
world with Sputnik, the first
manmade satellite.
More Soviet successes followed,
while initial
U.S. unmanned launches met with
repeated failure.
The Soviets also leaped ahead in
manned flight
with cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin
making the first
orbital flight ever in April
1961.
Glenn was still training at that
point.
One of the first astronauts, the
Mercury 7,
he spoke of them at Cape
Canaveral in 2012.
JOHN GLENN: That was a real team
we put -- it
was put together back in those
days.
And while we were competitors,
boy, were we
competitors to try and get the
different flights,
never was there anything anymore
tight than
the brotherhood we had that
supported each
one of those flights.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Glenn's moment
came in early
1962, when he crammed his
silver-suited frame
into the tiny Friendship 7
capsule.
JOHN GLENN: We used to joke
about the spacecraft.
We said, you didn't climb -- you
didn't get
into it, you actually put it on.
It was more like putting on
clothes.
It was that small, because the
whole thing,
if you spread your arms out like
that, the
-- you were touching both sides
of the spacecraft.
HARI SREENIVASAN: People around
the world
watched, but few knew the danger
unfolding
above.
The capsule's automated steering
system jammed
and ground controllers worried
the heat shield
was tearing away on reentry.
Glenn's life depended on that
shield, but
he told Judy Woodruff in 2012
his job was
to stay focused.
JOHN GLENN: You just keep right
on working
right on through it.
And if something is going the
happen, the
worst thing you could do would
be panicky
in there.
So I just kept on working as we
had trained,
and everything worked out OK.
MAN: OK, does the capsule look
like it's OK?
Over.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Much more than
OK.
John Glenn returned to Earth an
American hero,
feted with parades and elaborate
receptions.
President John F. Kennedy
presented him with
a NASA Service Medal, and, three
days later,
he addressed Congress.
JOHN GLENN: I am only too aware
of the tremendous
honor that is being show us at
this joint
meeting of the Congress today.
This has been a great experience
for all of
us on the program and for all
Americans, I
guess, too.
And I'm certainly glad to see
that pride in
our country and its
accomplishments are not
a thing of the past.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The space
program moved
on, and so did Glenn.
He resigned from NASA in 1964
and eventually
entered politics.
In 1974, he was elected to the
U.S. Senate
from Ohio as a Democrat and
became chief author
of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation
Act.
In 1984, he made a run for the
White House,
but he withdrew after poor
showings in the
early Democratic primaries.
Ultimately, he served four terms
in the Senate.
WOMAN: Three, two, one.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And, in 1998,
in his final
months in office, he returned to
space on
board the shuttle Discovery.
That earned him another first,
at 77, the
oldest person to fly into space.
After his Senate years, Glenn
and his wife,
Annie, worked to promote civics
education,
establishing the John Glenn
College of Public
Affairs at Ohio State University
in Columbus.
But his abiding interest in
space was never
far away.
The aging astronaut sharply
criticized President
George W. Bush's decision to
phase out the
space shuttle program.
MAN: Two, one, zero, and
liftoff, the final
liftoff of Atlantis.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The final
flight took place
in 2011, and Glenn voiced his
views in his
"NewsHour" interview the next
year.
JOHN GLENN: We do not have an
American spacecraft
on which we can go into space to
get our people
up there to the International
Space Station,
to do the research it was built
to do.
And we spent over $100 billion
on that.
But we should have had a
continuity and a
program that would let us build,
research,
and that the research we do up
there is of
benefit to everybody right here
on Earth.
REP.
JOHN BOEHNER (R-OH), House
Minority Leader:
We will present a gold medal on
behalf of
the United States Congress to
the honorable
John Glenn.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Late in life,
he as still
being honored, receiving the
Congressional
Gold Medal in 2011, along with
fellow astronauts
Buzz Aldrin, Neil Armstrong and
Michael Collins.
And in 2012, he was awarded the
Presidential
Medal of Freedom, the nation's
highest civilian
honor.
John Glenn lived out his final
years in Ohio
after suffering a small stroke.
For more on the career and life
of John Glenn,
I am joined by science
correspondent Miles
O'Brien, who came to know Glenn
through his
years of reporting on aviation.
Miles, it's the beginning of the
end of an
era.
MILES O'BRIEN: It is, Hari.
You can't help but look at a guy
like that
and say, one of the last of the
great American
heroes.
This is a guy who, whatever he
did, he succeeded
to levels few of us can ever
aspire to, and
yet, all the while, was one of
the nicest
people you would ever want to
meet, despite
his relentless and competitive
nature.
That's a hard mix.
And he managed to do it, and he
managed to
do it really right to the end.
He never really quit.
He never retired.
He always had a mission.
HARI SREENIVASAN: You got to
know him personally.
You even flew with him in your
small plane?
MILES O'BRIEN: Yes, I cooked up
a scheme for
a story.
I had met him during the 1998
flight on the
shuttle, when I had the
opportunity to cover
him and have no less than Walter
Cronkite
as my co-anchor on CNN.
I consider myself very lucky to
have had that
experience.
But, some years later, we were
doing a story
on technology and aviation, and
I got the
idea in my head that it would be
kind of fun
to see what Senator Glenn
thought about the
technology.
It happened to be in the
aircraft I owned
at the time.
I flew it to Columbus, and I had
John Glenn
get in my airplane and fly with
me.
And I have got to tell you,
Hari, I have never
had a more nervous landing in my
life.
But as the term in aviation is,
I greased
it.
And he was -- he could not have
been more
complimentary to me.
He was the nicest passenger you
could ever
hope for, and yet the most
intimidating at
the same time.
HARI SREENIVASAN: He's almost a
time capsule
in a way of the relations
between America
and the world, and what he meant
to the space
program, what he meant to
aviation at the
time, especially in the context
of the Cold
War.
MILES O'BRIEN: Absolutely, Hari.
When you think of NASA and what
the space
program is all about, it was
kind of a Cold
War projection of soft power of
the United
States.
And he was the perfect poster
boy for that.
He was everything that we -- was
considered
the ideal in this country,
small-town ethics,
you know, handsome guy, the
whole -- really
central casting kind of thing.
He was the guy, somewhat at
least, with some
drama, depicted in "The Right
Stuff" in the
mid-'80s, sort of the, for lack
of a better
term, Goody Two-Shoes of the
Mercury 7.
While the rest of them might
have been out
carousing late into the night,
he was with
his longtime wife, who actually
he met first
in preschool, Annie, and lived a
much more
quiet experience in life.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And he went on
to serve
after as well.
MILES O'BRIEN: He did, indeed.
The chapters of his life are
amazing, Marine
Corps fighter pilot in Korea
with numerous
kills to his record, set a
cross-country transcontinental
supersonic record as a Marine
test pilot in
the '50s, goes on to be the
Mercury 7, then
has this brief chapter as the
president of
Royal Crown Cola, then gets into
politics
for 24 years, and then goes on
to build this
amazing public policy school at
Ohio State
University.
Each chapter, he just rose to
the absolute
top level, and made it always
look effortless,
at least as far as I could see.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Yes.
And even as we saw in the clips
there, he
was still advocating for a more
active role
in the space program.
MILES O'BRIEN: You know, when
George Bush
announced the retirement of the
space shuttle,
he was calling me a lot.
And he was advocating, in a very
forceful
and clear way, for the United
States still
having the ability to carry its
own astronauts
to space.
And he wasn't going to let that
go.
He was very upset about it.
He was well into his 80s at this
point, but
he was still in the game.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right.
I don't know if we have footage,
or if it's
a shot of you and him in a
plane.
Let's see if we can show that to
our audience
as well.
MILES O'BRIEN: Well, while we're
playing it,
I got to tell you one story I
just heard,
Hari.
Annie Glenn, his beloved wife of
more than
70 years, who is 96 and a bit
frail, today,
we're told, upon hearing the
news, what did
Annie Glenn do?
She went to the supermarket to
buy food because
she is anticipating a lot of
guests.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Oh.
MILES O'BRIEN: So, that tells
you a little
something about her and them.
They were an inseparable and
wonderful pair.
And he -- you know, talk about a
life well-lived.
What more can you say?
Where did he go wrong?
I can't think of it.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
Miles O'Brien,
thanks so much for joining us
tonight.
MILES O'BRIEN: You're welcome.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, having known
John Glenn,
I can second everything Miles
said about him.
And a correction before we go
tonight.
We reported earlier that a
stopgap spending
bill includes a waiver for
retired General
James Mattis to serve as defense
secretary.
In fact, it's a provision only
to speed up
action.
The waiver itself would still
need congressional
approval.
On the "NewsHour" online right
now: For more
than two years, an
Egyptian-American humanitarian
worker has been held on charges
in Egypt.
We explore efforts by her family
and others
to free her.
Also, a columnist considers how
widespread
digitization has created
vulnerabilities for
our nation and the need to
better protect
ourselves from cyber-risks.
All that and more is on our Web
site, PBS.org/NewsHour.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Tune in later
tonight on
"Charlie Rose": a conversation
with Brian
Moynihan, CEO of Bank of
America.
And that's the "NewsHour" for
tonight.
I'm Hari Sreenivasan.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And I'm Judy
Woodruff.
Join us online and again here
tomorrow evening
with Mark Shields and David
Brooks.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and good night.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and good night.